'Time to change your investment model'
why predict earnings? Because earnings have been at the core of investment(security) analysis form its inception and remain 
paramount when evaluating a company's growth potential.

we then offer an outline and a demonstration of our proposed alternative investment analysis, which shifts the focus from a 
company's earnings to its value-creating strategic assets and their deployment.

consequently, reported earnings, assetsm and market multiples(P/E, book-to-market ratio) cannot be compared within industries, 
and earnings definitely do not reflect intrinsic value creation.

As even a perfect earnings prediction model is no longer of much use; an alternative investment model is:
1, strategic assets:
our analysis derives from the ultimate, long-term objective of a business enterprise: achieving and maintaining a sustained 
competitive advantage-that is, being able to survive and prosper in a competitive enviroment over the long haul.
companies with a sustained competitive advantage are the ones to invest in. And how is a competitive advantage gained and 
sustained? Primarily by having and successfully deploying strategic assets, which share the following three attributes:
1，they generate net benefits(e.g. a growing customer base or retail outlets with increasing same-store sales)
2, they are rare, in limited supply(e.g. wireless spectrum or airline landing rights)
3, they are difficult to imitate for competitors(e.g. patents underlying leading drugs or key oil and gas properties).

such an integrated and comprehensive competitive analysis,rarely done by investors, involves the following:
1, taking inventory of strategic assets:
compile a list of the major strategic assets of the enterprise, distinguishing between operating and dormant assets,
active brands and brands in name only, or producing oil and gas properties and those under exploration versus inactive 
properties. 
such inventory taking establishes the foundation-active strategic assets-of the company's competitive advantage

2, enhancing strategic assets:
without continued investment and replenishment, even highly productive assets will wither on the vine.
You should ask, Is the spending on R&D, technology purchases, customer acquisition, brand support, and employee training
sufficient to maintain and grow the business?
Cutting R&D or employee training to "make the numbers" clearly bodes ill for future growth

3, defending strategic assets:
these assets are vulnerable to competition(from similar products), infringement, and technological disruption; raising 
the question of whether the company's assets are adequately protected by continuous innovation, patent defensive walls, and 
litigation.
A continuous loss of market share clearly indicates a failure to protect assets

4, Asset deployment and value creation:
Are the strategic assets, along with other company resources, optimally deployed to create value(e.g. retail outlets with 
increasing same-store sales)?
And what is this value? Note that in our analysis, the measurement of the periodic value created is a byproduct rather than
the focus of the analysis.
we prefer to measure value created by cash flows to avoid the multiple managerial estimates embedded in earnings.

competitive analysis of subscription based enterprise:
telecom, internet, media, and insurance companies, as well as software producers, provide their products and services on 
a subscription basis, which ensures a stable cash flow at low distribution costs.

we prefer to measure value created by cash flows to avoid the multiple managerial estimates embedded in earnings.

the major strategic asset of subscription-based companies(SBCs) is their customer franchise.

Using a hypothetical SBC, we conduct a competetive analysis of the customer franchise.

A competitive analysis of the customer franchise-typically accounting for 50%-60% of market value - starts with an
examination of trends and across-peer difference in:
1, periodic customer additions
2, churn(deactivation) rates (e.g., policy renewals for insurance companies)
3, market share and penetration rates(e.g., radio listening in cars)

finally, to enable time-series and across-peer comparisons, we bring together the major attributes of the customer franchise 
in the form of the total customer lifetime value, which is the product of average customer duration, customer contribution,
and ending number of customers, with the following definitions:
1, average customer duration = 1/churn rate
2, customer contribution = adjusted gross margin - namely, ARPU(average revenue per user) minus real expenses per user
(GAAP expenses, excluding expensed investments in strategic assets, such as customer acquisition, content creation, and 
R&D)

Conclusion:
our message is twofold:
1, GAAP-based reported earnings no longer reflect the periodic value changes(growth) of most business enterprise, and thus
conventional earnings-based security analysis has lost much of its usefulness for investors in recent years.

2, we assert that a shift of focus for security analysis and valuation is called for-from the prediction of earnings or 
related accounting measures to a comprehensive evaluation of an enterprise's competitive advantage through a careful
consideration of its strategic assets and their deployment. In calling for a change in investment methodology, we offer 
an outline of our proposed competitive analysis and demonstrate its key aspects for subscription-based companies.

changing the focus of security analysis and valuation from earnings to a broader, long-term competitive analysis, based
primarily in non-GAAP data, is not easy. 
